Adding 3 new CDK stacks to support Weathertop (#4687)
awsdocs/aws-doc-sdk-examples: test/public_ecr_repositories/README.md

![Stability: Stable](https://img.shields.io/badge/stability-Stable-success.svg?style=for-the-badge)

> # Elastic Container Registry (ECR) Public Repositories Stack

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Amazon ECR Public Repositories stack
```

> The code in this directory deploys a CDK stack for hosting container images in Elastic Container Registry (ECR).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The code in this directory deploys an AWS Cloud Development Kit (AWS CDK) stack for hosting container images in Amazon Elastic Container Registry (Amazon ECR).
```

This stack can be deployed in isolation; however, it serves a purpose in this repository's [test automation architecture](../README.md).

> Specifically, a GitHub Action workflow builds and publishes Docker images into the ECR Repositories managed by this stack.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Specifically, a GitHub action workflow builds and publishes Docker images into the Amazon ECR repositories managed by this stack.
```

![weathertop-comp-1.png](..%2Farchitecture_diagrams%2Fpng%2Fweathertop-comp-1.png)

---

## System requirements
* npm (node.js)
* python 3.x

> * AWS access key & secret for AWS user with permissions to create resources listed above

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* AWS access key and secret for AWS user with permissions to create the preceding resources
```

  
---

> ## CDK setup & deployment

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## AWS CDK setup and deployment
```

> First, you will need to install the AWS CDK:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First, install the AWS CDK:
```

```
sudo npm install -g aws-cdk
```

You can check the toolkit version with this command:

```
cdk --version
```

Now you are ready to create a virtualenv:

```
python3 -m venv .venv
```

Activate your virtualenv:

```
source .venv/bin/activate
```

Install the required dependencies:

```
pip install -r requirements.txt
```
---
## Stack deployment

At this point you can now synthesize the CloudFormation template for this code.

```
cdk synth
```

> If everything looks good, go ahead and deploy! This step will actually make

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If everything looks good, go ahead and deploy. This step will actually make
```

changes to your AWS cloud environment.

```
cdk bootstrap
cdk deploy
```

To clean up, issue this command:

```
cdk destroy
```

To exit the virtualenv python environment:

```
deactivate
```

# Useful commands

>  * `cdk ls`          list all stacks in the app
>  * `cdk synth`       emits the synthesized CloudFormation template
>  * `cdk deploy`      deploy this stack to your default AWS account/region
>  * `cdk diff`        compare deployed stack with current state
>  * `cdk docs`        open CDK documentation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * `cdk ls`          List all stacks in the app
 * `cdk synth`       Emit the synthesized CloudFormation template
 * `cdk deploy`      Deploy this stack to your default AWS account/Region
 * `cdk diff`        Compare deployed stack with current state
 * `cdk docs`        Open CDK documentation
```
